# Raw Content: Please Me


<h2 class="wp-block-heading" id="h-song">Song</h2>



<p>Please Me</p>



<h3 class="wp-block-heading" id="h-original-nbsp-lyric"><strong>Original</strong>&nbsp;Lyric</h3>



<p>Oh, the night is ours, just say the word<br>Every line of your body, a melody heard<br>(Yeah-yeah) Just put your faith in me<br>Don&#8217;t need nobody else, you&#8217;re my gravity<br>(Ooh-baby) So can you feel the heat?<br>Dancing &#8217;til we&#8217;re breathless to the beat<br>My heart&#8217;s an open door<br>Just give me all of you and then ask for more<br>Oh, baby, please me (please me)<br>The club lights are flashing (flashing bright)<br>But they&#8217;re fading to your glow<br>I see you across the floor, I gotta know<br>Your name, your story, and everything<br>The way you move is like a private song you sing<br>(Mmm-yeah) The world just stops, it&#8217;s cinematic<br>My pulse is fast, it&#8217;s automatic<br>(Automatic) I&#8217;m drawn into your space<br>Nothing else matters in this crowded place.<br>I&#8217;m walking over, my mind&#8217;s a blur (a blur)<br>Trying to find the perfect words for her<br>Is this for real, or just a fantasy?<br>(Oh-yeah) You&#8217;re like a vision from a movie scene<br>A little mystery is in your eyes<br>The kind of look that I can&#8217;t analyze<br>(Uh-huh) I gotta take my shot, I can&#8217;t just wait<br>Before this magic moment gets too late.<br>Oh, the night is ours, just say the word<br>Every line of your body, a melody heard<br>(Yeah-yeah) Just put your faith in me<br>Don&#8217;t need nobody else, you&#8217;re my gravity<br>(Ooh-baby) So can you feel the heat?<br>Dancing &#8217;til we&#8217;re breathless to the beat<br>My heart&#8217;s an open door<br>Just give me all of you and then ask for more<br>Oh, baby, please me (please me, yeah)<br>I said &#8220;Hello,&#8221; your voice was smooth (so smooth)<br>You smiled at me and killed my groove<br>But then you laughed, and pulled me in<br>I feel like this is where the world begins<br>(Uh-huh) We&#8217;re talking hours, but it feels like minutes<br>This conversation, there are no limits<br>(No limits) We&#8217;re building something out of sound and light<br>Forget tomorrow, just focus on tonight.<br>This ain&#8217;t just rhythm, this is chemistry<br>A different kind of energy (aah-yeah)<br>You&#8217;re reading my mind, I&#8217;m reading yours<br>We&#8217;re shutting down all the other doors<br>(Come on) I don&#8217;t want this feeling to fade<br>Look at the masterpiece that we have made<br>Just say you&#8217;ll stay here by my side (by my side)<br>Let&#8217;s take this chance and let it ride.<br>Oh, the night is ours, just say the word<br>Every line of your body, a melody heard<br>(Yeah-yeah) Just put your faith in me<br>Don&#8217;t need nobody else, you&#8217;re my gravity<br>(Ooh-baby) So can you feel the heat?<br>Dancing &#8217;til we&#8217;re breathless to the beat<br>My heart&#8217;s an open door<br>Just give me all of you and then ask for more<br>Oh, baby, please me (ooh, please me)<br>The DJ&#8217;s spinning that Oud riff now<br>It&#8217;s blending in with us somehow (somehow)<br>Your hands are locked right around my neck<br>My world is you, I&#8217;ve lost all check<br>(Oh-yeah) Of time and place, it&#8217;s just your breathing<br>This heavy bass, the love I&#8217;m needing<br>The crowd is just a watercolor blur (just a blur)<br>You are the only truth, of that I&#8217;m sure.<br>(Mmm-yeah) The sun&#8217;s gonna try to break the spell<br>But this is heaven, not some cheap hotel<br>I&#8217;m looking at you, and I can see<br>My whole entire future, you and me<br>(Just you and me) So let the music keep on playing<br>Don&#8217;t stop the words our bodies saying<br>This is devotion, this is true<br>I only ever wanted you.<br>Oh, the night is ours, just say the word<br>Every line of your body, a melody heard<br>(Yeah-yeah) Just put your faith in me<br>Don&#8217;t need nobody else, you&#8217;re my gravity<br>(Ooh-baby) So can you feel the heat?<br>Dancing &#8217;til we&#8217;re breathless to the beat<br>My heart&#8217;s an open door<br>Just give me all of you and then ask for more<br>Oh, baby, please me (yeah, yeah, yeah)<br>I&#8217;ve played the games, I&#8217;ve seen the scene (seen the scene)<br>I know the difference, what it all can mean<br>But this is raw, and this is real<br>You&#8217;re not just something I can &#8220;kind of&#8221; feel<br>(No-no) I&#8217;m Sayed, and baby, I don&#8217;t fake the feel<br>My heart is on the line, this ain&#8217;t no deal<br>This is a promise written on the beat (on the beat)<br>You make my life completely (yeah) complete.<br>So take my hand, don&#8217;t be afraid (don&#8217;t be afraid)<br>Of all the plans that we just made<br>This isn&#8217;t just a club-light high (no-oh)<br>This is the truth beneath the sky<br>(Mmm-baby) I&#8217;ll be your anchor, be your fire<br>Your one and only true desire<br>(My desire) Just look at me and say you&#8217;ll try<br>Don&#8217;t let this moment pass us by<br>Don&#8217;t pass us by.<br>(Ooh-slow) Just breathe<br>Let the music fade for a minute<br>(Yeah) Let&#8217;s just be in it<br>They can have the noise, they can have the lights<br>I&#8217;ve been searching for you all my life (all my life)<br>This is more than just a dance, it&#8217;s fate<br>(Mmm) Open up your heart, don&#8217;t make me wait<br>Don&#8217;t make me wait (don&#8217;t make me wait)<br>Just say my name.<br>Just please me (ooh-yeah)<br>(Come on) Just please me<br>All night, just you and me<br>(Baby) You&#8217;re my gravity<br>My only one (my only one)<br>My melody<br>Just please me<br>Please me.</p>
